Java: 
Java is top pick as one of the most popular programming languages, used for building server-side applications 
to video games and mobile apps. It's also the core foundation for developing Android apps, making it a favorite of many 
programmers.The syntax of Java is largely derived from C++. Unlike C++, which combines the syntax for structured, 
generic, and object-oriented programming, Java was built almost exclusively as an object-oriented language. All code
is written inside classes, and every data item is an object, with the exception of the primitive data types, 
i.e. integers, floating-point numbers, boolean values, and characters, which are not objects for performance reasons.

Python: 
Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code 
readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in 
languages such as C++ or Java. The language provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small and 
large scale. Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including object-oriented, imperative and functional 
programming or procedural styles. It features a dynamic type system and automatic memory management and has a large and
comprehensive standard library.

C++:
C++ is a general-purpose programming language. It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features,
while also providing facilities for low-level memory manipulation. It is designed with a bias toward system programming 
and embedded, resource-constrained and large systems, with performance, efficiency and flexibility of use as its design
highlights. C++ has also been found useful in many other contexts, with key strengths being software infrastructure and 
resource-constrained applications, including desktop applications, servers, performance-critical applications, and 
entertainment software. C++ is a compiled language, with implementations of it available on many platforms and provided 
by various organizations, including the FSF, LLVM, Microsoft and Intel.

JavaScript:
JavaScript is a dynamic programming language. It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations
allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the 
document content that is displayed. JavaScript is also considered an "assembly language of the web" – a compile target 
of source-to-source compilers – for making client side web applications, using other programming languages, supported by 
all the major browsers without plug-ins. It is also used in server-side network programming with runtime environments 
such as Node.js, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications.

PHP:
PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming 
language. PHP code is interpreted by a web server with a PHP processor module, which generates the resulting web page:
PHP commands can be embedded directly into an HTML source document rather than calling an external file to process data.
